Add API Managment capability documentation (#126)
wso2/docs-devant: en/docs/api-management/api-management-introduction.md

# Introduction to API Management

> API management is a crucial aspect of modern application development, enabling organizations to create, publish, secure, monitor, and analyze APIs efficiently and at scale. Devant provides a comprehensive API management solution that simplifies the process of managing APIs throughout their lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API management is a crucial aspect of modern application development, enabling organizations to efficiently create, publish, secure, monitor, and analyze APIs at scale. Devant offers a comprehensive API management solution that streamlines the lifecycle management of integrations exposed as APIs, ensuring they are easy to manage, monitor, and govern.
```

With Devant's API management capabilities, you can easily create and publish APIs, set up security measures such as authentication and authorization, monitor API usage and performance, and analyze API traffic to gain insights into usage patterns. Devant's intuitive interface and powerful features make it easier to manage APIs at scale, ensuring that your applications can communicate seamlessly and securely.

Devant's API management solution includes features such as:

- **Deploying Integrations as APIs**: You can deploy your integrations as APIs, making them accessible to external applications and services.
- **Lifecycle Management**: You can manage the lifecycle of your APIs, from creation to retirement, ensuring that your APIs are always up-to-date and relevant. For more information, refer to the [Lifecycle Management](../lifecycle-management/) documentation.

> - **API Security**: Devant supports various security schemes, including API Key and OAuth2, to protect your APIs from unauthorized access. For more information, refer to the [API Security](../api-security/) documentation. Moreover, you can find detailed guides on how to consume APIs secured with these schemes in the [Consuming APIs](../consuming-apis/consuming-an-api-secured-with-an-api-key/) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **API Security**: Devant supports various security schemes, including `API Key` and `OAuth2`, to protect your integrations as APIs from unauthorized access. For more information, refer to the [API Security](../api-security/) documentation. Moreover, you can find detailed guides on how to consume integrations as APIs secured with these schemes in the [Consuming APIs](../consuming-apis/consuming-an-api-secured-with-an-api-key/) section.
```
